Please read this file to see what needs to be done. 
Once a task is complete, remove the line from this file. 

Do urgent tasks first. Urgent tasks have a "!" at the start of the line after the number.
Claude, only tackle the jobs in chunks you beleive you can finish well. I have limited Claude tokens so make sure you optimise your responses for this. i dont need to see super verbose output as long as you make the changes correctly and tell me its done and update this file.


Never delete anything above this line.
------------------------------------------

General(DO NOT REMOVE THIS LINE)
1. After loading a scenario and then refreshing to e page, the property image disappears forwver, please fix.
2. Automatically bring up the suburb growth rate if there is a suburb listed and keep that data on file so we dont have to keep pingingthe API unless the suburb is different.
3. On the projection tab, instead of just showng the year, ahow the year and q1 for quarter one like q2-4.
4. Stripe testing works, except it doesnt seem to show in my account settings when it gets redirected back that i have cancelled the subscription? Or is that because its still in the subscription period?
5. Content-Security-Policy: The page’s settings blocked the loading of a resource (connect-src) at https://nominatim.openstreetmap.org/search?q=54%20Southampton%20Road%2C%20Ellen%20Grove%2C%20QLD%2C%20Australia&format=json&limit=1 because it violates the following directive: “connect-src ‘self’ https://api.stripe.com” app.html:2417:28
6. In the admin page under users, i can see the last ip address of users tha have logged in and whn i click it it goes to a website tha has a estimated location but in the popup it doesnt show the location?
7. Need to add automated email functional for confirming email addresses at sign up and then sending an email once signed up. this can also be used for sending invoices. Maybe we use a temporary free mail server until i setup an O365.
8. we need to look at making the pdf export better. not all the options change the final export and sometimes when exporting things are cut off mid page. do we have another js package or library that is better at handling pdf export? wha can we do?
9. Add dark mode/light mode. can be toggled from theprofile drop down.
10. In the admin page. maybe we should add some info or configuration for the get annual growth data. like how do i kkow what suburbs i can chose or how can i add mire to the database? Any time a user puts in a suburb and gets the growth value, that needs to be stored im the database so otherusers can use that same value, make it expire in 30 days so its always cutrent data.
11. Add forgot password functionality.
12. Add colaborate with another user feature/share scenario feature with another user. so the users library will have a section for shared with me.
13. !Restructure my HTML/CSS/JS into modular, reusable components (header, footer, sidebar, modals, scenario cards), move all inline CSS/JS into separate files per component, preserve all current functionality, keep the investment engine separate, make it mobile-friendly, use consistent naming, and include comments for clarity.


Desktop(DO NOT REMOVE THIS LINE)
1. Profile button needs to be padded away from edge of window a bit more. Seems very cramped.
3. 

PWA(DO NOT REMOVE THIS LINE)
1. Amortisation table still can scroll sideways a but when generated
2. Disable horizontal scrolling on the scenario calculator menu. and also when scrolling to the bottom go that little but further so the calculator button doesnt cover anything.
3. Admin page tabs scroll across fine but i can scroll them vertically and it looks and feels weird please fix.
4. Admin pge users make it so i dont have to scroll across in the list to see all the info and access the buttons.
5. In property tab, make yhe call and emal buttons the same height.
6. In the property tab, remove the header preview at the bottom.
7. In projection tab on the graph, the tooltip that comes uo when you tap somehwhere on the graph is unusable. maybe for mobile only do we make a little custom slider that changes values in little boxes next to the graph but plots the graph dot as it goes maybe?
8. Index landing page cuts off stuff to the right in what it does section. 
9. 
